[headings]

package: Package
documentation: Documentation
sources: Sources
binaries: Binaries
development-tools: Development Tools
date: Date

[links]

build-logs: build logs
download: Download
md5: MD5

[units]

byte-unit: B
kilobyte-unit: kB
megabyte-unit: MB
gigabyte-unit: GB
decimal-point: .

[descriptions]

ChangeLog-AROS:
    ChangeLog for the AROS core sources.
ChangeLog-contrib:
    ChangeLog for the contributed programs' sources.
ChangeLog-docs:
    ChangeLog for the documentation.
source:
    Core AROS sources.
docs-source:
    Documentation sources.
contrib-source:
    Contributed programs' sources.
docs-html:
    Documentation in HTML format. Contains everything available
    on the website, but adapted for offline reading.
amiga-m68k-system:
    The native version for m68k Amigas or WinUAE. This version is binary
    compatible with AmigaOS. This archive contains ROM images and all AROS
    system binaries, compiled from the Subversion tree.
amiga-m68k-boot:
    The native version for m68k Amigas or WinUAE. This version is binary
    compatible with AmigaOS. This archive contains ROM images and a boot
    floppy image.
amiga-m68k-bootiso:
    The native version for m68k Amigas or WinUAE. This version is binary
    compatible with AmigaOS. This is the CD-ROM ISO image, which
    contains all AROS system files.
amiga-m68k-contrib:
    This archive contains all the contributed programs,
    compiled for the m68k architecture, for use with the
    Amiga port.
darwin-i386-system:
    The hosted version for Darwin and MacOS X on the i386 platform. This
    should work on all Intel MacOS X versions starting from 10.4. It requires
    an X11 server for the display.
darwin-ppc-system:
    The hosted version for Darwin and MacOS X on the PowerPC platform. This
    should work on all MacOS X versions. It requires
    an X11 server for the display.
darwin-x86_64-system:
    The hosted version for Darwin and MacOS X on the x86-64 platform. This
    should work on all Intel MacOS X versions starting from 10.6.  It requires
    X11 server for the display.
freebsd5-i386-system:
    The hosted version for FreeBSD/i386 5.x. Note that it
    will not work on FreeBSD 4.x systems.
freebsd-i386-system:
    The hosted version for FreeBSD/i386 5.x. Note that it
    will not work on FreeBSD 4.x systems.
linux-i386-system:
    The hosted version for Linux/i386. This archive
    contains all AROS system binaries, compiled from the Subversion
    tree.
mingw32-i386-system:
    The hosted version for Microsoft Windows on i386 platform. Developed
    and compiled under Windows XP, but should work on all 32-bit Windows
    versions starting from Windows 98.
linux-x86_64-system:
    The hosted version for Linux/x86_64. This archive
    contains all AROS system binaries, compiled from the Subversion
    tree.
linux-ppc-system:
    The hosted version for Linux/PowerPC. This archive contains all AROS
    system binaries, compiled from the Subversion tree.
linux-arm-system:
    The hosted version for Linux/ARM. This archive contains the AROS core
    system binaries, compiled from the Subversion tree. Please note that
    this version requires at least an ARMv6 CPU with VFP unit.
linux-arm-contrib:
    This archive contains all the contributed programs,
    compiled for the ARM architecture, for use with the
    Linux/ARM port. Please note that this version requires at least
    an ARMv6 CPU with VFP unit.
android-arm-system:
    The hosted version for Android/ARM. This archive
    contains the AROS core system binaries, compiled from the Subversion
    tree. This version also requires ARMv6 with VFP (all Android devices seem
    to meet this requirement). No Android modifications (like rooting etc.)
    are required to run this version.
pc-i386-boot-floppy:
    The native version for i386-based PC AT computers and
    compatibles. This archive contains the boot
    disk floppy image which you can quickly write to a disk
    to boot AROS with.
pc-i386-boot-iso:
    The native version for i386-based PC AT computers and
    compatibles. This is the bootable CD-ROM ISO image, which
    contains all AROS system and contributed programs.
pc-x86_64-boot-iso:
    The native version for 64-bit (x86_64, amd64) PC computers.
    This is the bootable CD-ROM ISO image, which
    contains all AROS system and contributed programs.
sam440-ppc-boot-iso:
    The native version for Sam440EP, Sam440EP Flex and Sam460ex computers.
    This is the bootable CD-ROM ISO image including ub2lb (Parthenope)
    SLB. It contains all AROS system and contributed programs.
efika-chrp-ppc-boot-iso:
    The native version for PowerPC Efika computers. This is the
    bootable CD-ROM ISO image including ub2lb for open firmware. It
    contains all AROS system and contributed programs.
pc-i386-contrib:
    This archive contains all the contributed programs,
    compiled for the i386 architecture. They will work in
    both the appropriate hosted (e.g. i386-linux) and native
    (i386-pc) version.
pc-x86_64-contrib:
    This archive contains all the contributed programs,
    compiled for the x86_64 architecture, for use with the
    x86_64 native version.
linux-ppc-contrib:
    This archive contains all the contributed programs,
    compiled for the PowerPC architecture, for use with the
    Linux/PowerPC port.
sam440-ppc-contrib:
    This archive contains all the contributed programs,
    compiled for the PowerPC architecture, for use with the
    Sam440EP port.
pc-i386-sdk:
    A set of files and tools to build your own AROS programs
    on your preferred machine. You'll need also gcc and the
    binutils configured to produce i386-elf executables.
linux-ppc-sdk:
    A set of files and tools to build your own AROS programs
    on your preferred machine. You'll need also gcc and the
    binutils configured to produce ppc-elf executables.
linux-arm-sdk:
    A set of files and tools to build your own AROS programs
    on your preferred machine. You'll need also gcc and the
    binutils configured to produce arm-elf executables.
sam440-ppc-sdk:
    A set of files and tools to build your own AROS programs
    on your preferred machine. You'll need also gcc and the
    binutils configured to produce ppc-elf executables.
pc-x86_64-sdk:
    A set of files and tools to build your own AROS programs
    on your preferred machine. You'll need also gcc and the
    binutils configured to produce x86_64-elf executables.
