Contents of the "amiga" directory for UnZip 5.3 and later:

  Contents      this file
  amiga.c       Amiga-specific file I/O routines
  amiga.h       Amiga-specific header file
  filedate.c    SetFileDate clone for OS 1.3, and other low-level resources

  smakefile     SAS/C makefile for UnZip, fUnZip, and UnZipSFX

  makefile.azt  Aztec C makefile for UnZip, fUnZip, and UnZipSFX
  stat.c        stat() emulation for Aztec, along with opendir()/readdir()/etc
  z-stat.h      replacement stat.h header file for use with stat.c
  crc_68.a      assembler version of crc32.c
  flate.a       assembler version of inflate_codes() (define ASM_INFLATECODES)

  mkGoff.c      source for MkGoff which generates include file used by flate.a
  makesfx.c     source for MakeSFX, without which UnZipSFX is not usable

Notes:

  The crc_68.a source file is not currently used by the SAS/C makefile,
  nor is flate.a; as of UnZip 5.20 neither of these wants args in
  registers.

  The DICE makefile has been removed since no one is supporting that
  compiler anymore.

  It was discovered on release of UnZip 5.1 that the latest SAS compiler
  revision (6.50 or 6.51) changed the timezone handling.   The result is
  that UnZip can extract files with the wrong times, usually off by an
  offset of a few hours which is a function of the how the TZ environment
  variable is set.  Now the TZ variable needs to be set according to the
  timezone you are in, because the tzname() function operates correctly
  now (it didn't used to).  In UnZip 5.2, handling of the TZ variable is now
  independent of the compiler library used in creating UnZip.

  As of UnZip 5.2, if you have AmigaDOS 2.1 or newer and have set your
  timezone in the Locale preferences editor, this will be an adequate
  substitute for setting TZ.  If you do not set TZ to your current timezone,
  files will be restored with times corrsponding to "EST5EDT", U.S. Eastern
  time.  To set the TZ environment variable, place the following line in your
  startup sequence:

         setenv TZ XXXNYYY

            where XXX is the 3-character timezone notation
                    N is the offset from Greenwich mean time
                  YYY is an optional 3-character daylight savings notation

  example:

         setenv TZ PST8PDT     ; for California time

  Daylight savings time is currently handled according to United States
  calendar rules only -- one hour's difference starting on the first Sunday
  in April and ending on the last Sunday in October.  If you set TZ with no
  characters after the number, for example "MST7", then daylight savings will
  not be applied.  (This would be a valid setting for Arizona.)  If the
  timezone is derived from your Locale preferences, daylight savings time is
  applied if the time zone is in the Americas, otherwise not.  Fractional
  hours can be indicated by putting minutes after the hours offset, like
  this: "NST3:30NDT", which might be used for Newfoundland.  The exact text
  before and after the number does not matter; the only thing that is checked
  is whether the optional second part is present or absent.  UnZip 5.1 and
  older had no daylight savings support at all.

  Timezone translation will have no effect on files which are zipped on
  MS-DOS or similar systems which only store a local timestamp without time
  zone information.  Archives from Unix systems, and some others, include
  timestamps given in universal (Greenwich) time.  Such timestamps will be
  converted according to the local time zone.  Amiga Zip can, if desired, be
  compiled to produce such Unix-style timestamps, but by default it does not.
