This is *not* a complete TODO list (which would be far to long and depressing),
but what I think is a minimal set of features that *must* be done before the new
site goes public.

+ Finish the following documentation:
   
  - download/index.en
    
    Complete it. ;-) Something semi-automated might be usefull...

  - Short descriptions and explenations here and there. For example warnings
    that the document isn't finished in all the unfinished documents, something
    in the line of "these summaries contain opinions and ... of individual 
    developers, and should not be taken as official statements what will or will
    not be implemented in AROS in the future. opinions might have changed since
    the summary was done. ..." for eg. the "summaries" page and something
    similar for the "ideas" page. Warnings for the specifications page / drafts
    (them not being complete or up-to-date, and some might even be removed
    later).
   
+ Add the following pages:

  - introduction/license.en

    An introduction and explenation of the license, and the actual license itself. 

  - "linking" ?

    Information (encouragement) about linking us, and the nice banner to use...

+ Finish the following scripts:

  - Status (jobs and size)
  - Screenshots (pictures with thumbnails)
  - Developers  (pictures with thumbnails)

+ Better language selection system

  The current system uses the content negatotiation support using the
  "Multiviews" option available in Apache, which does however have some annoying
  problems with browsers that do not default to english (for example Internet
  Explorer). Perhaps it is possible to make this work better with typemap files
  (generated at build-time), or an explicit language selection by the user could
  be used (which however requires some sort of session handling to remember the
  language chosen by the user).

+ Generated HTML that does not require CSS support to be displayed correctly.
  
  Currently, the default docutils HTML writer is used which requires HTML
  4 (actually XHTML 1, but it should be compatible) and CSS. The surrounding
  template doesn't require CSS, but the actual document contents do. Requiring
  CSS might anger some of the Amiga community, so...

  There are two options for implementing this: either the formatting system is
  rewritten to use the docutils XML writer and XSLT to transform it into some
  HTML document (which I think Daniel is a fan of) or code a new docutils
  writer. The latter should not be *that* hard; just take the existing HTML
  writer and replace bits... The advantages of coding a new writer is that we
  don't add any more dependencies (ie. a XSLT processing tool). Hard to say
  which would be fastest to implement...

+ Write an announcement about the updated site, pointing out new features like 
  the forums and such. Post everywhere. ;-)

The following are some random bits that would be *nice* to have when the site
goes public, but are IMHO not *necessary*:

+ Document the documentation system in documentation/developers/documenting.en
+ Atleast a demonstration of the multilingual support. For exampla translated
  introduction/index to a couple of languages.
+ Better build system (not the ad-hoc thing it is now)
+ Nicer looking graphical design.
+ Eric's logotype / mascot. ;-)
