
XDME is Public Domain, the original Copyright is by Matthew Dillon,
XDME Copyright by Aaron Digulla. And I DON'T GIVE ANY WARRANTY that
this programm is bug-free (instead, I'm sure it isn't) and you use it
on your own risk. I try to hold it as bug-free as possible, but I do
make mistakes. Data-loss should be VERY rare (about the same propability
as through using COPY :-), but Software-Failures may visit you (but no
GURUs I hope). So take care (i.e. always SAVE before leaving the window
and don't have any unsaved things hanging around while using XDME).
This version is pretty stable and I didn't have much problems with it
(In fact, I had none that are caused by XDME, but one just cannot find
ALL bugs).

    How to install

Just copy XDME to any desired place, rename your old "S:.edrc" to
"S:.edrc_user" and copy "s/.edrc" to "S:.edrc". That's it.

    Some comments

This is a Pre-Release of XDME, a new version of the famous DME-Editor
by Matthew Dillon. "Pre" means, that I'm sure there are many bugs left
and I want to give OS1.3 users a pretty bug-free version.

DME is very lazy with checking ranges and parameters before doing something
and so is XDME. Therefore, if you want to help me much, supply ANYTHING
you can think of to XDME, i.e. stress the AREXX-Port, type impossible things
and try EVERYTHING, even the weirdest things. If you find anything (from
a command you are missing to a missing error-message to a free journey to
india (GURU)), report the circumstances and mail a Message to:

    digulla@rz-uxazs.fh-konstanz.de

I also offer an AUTOUPDATE, i.e. if you give me your EMail-Address, I will
add you to my list and you will receive the newest XDME FOR FREE via EMail !

I also have an address:

    Aaron Digulla
    Th.-Heuss-Str. 8
    7750 Konstanz
    Germany

You can mail money, if you wish; it's not recommended but I'm not too
proud to take it :-)

Please don't write to Matt Dillon. He's a very busy guy and won't support
DME anymore. That's the main point why I enhanced DME to XDME.

If you find something, I will fix it as soon as possible (I'm both busy and
lasy though, but I too want a bug-free XDME). I also send the full sources.
If you think of a special command and you can program it in C, do it, test
it and mail the new source back, along with a comment what this new code
intends to do. Don't expect this code to appear in XDME though, at least
not UNCHANGED: I'm perfectionist and cannot stand any code which is not
coded PERFECTLY :-). For those who want to see what I mean just have a look
at text.c:text_load().

Well, have fun with this new (X)DME. Btw: There is a UNIX-X11-Version of DME
which you can order from me via EMail. But you need the standard
CBM-1.3-includes to compile (just buy a small C-Compiler), Sorry.
This version won't run if you don't have X11. It supports black&white
terminals, but it's pretty ugly then :-). Be warned though: This is
a PRELIMINARY version. It has many bugs and not even all features of
DME V1.45 ! I would be VERY happy if there's someone out there who could
help me making this thing run more cleanly ! Upto now, there are many people
than want to USE it, but won't/can't/couldn't help me. So if you want a real
good editor on UNIX and you could invest some work, WRITE ME !!!!!

    IMPORTANT

With this release I try to make XDME conform to the StyleGuide. I DO NOT LIKE
ALL THOSE STUFF THAT CBM TELLS IN THE STYLEGUIDE, THOUGH :-(. Don't blame me
if you don't like something. I will always keep a trapdoor open for those
things (like paging) that are CRUEL. Anyway, a StyleGuide is the first step
for good software even if we have to TALK to CBM about what they did with
some rules in the Guide. Sigh.

    Aaron Digulla.
